
Revenue, also known as sales or turnover, is the total income generated by a business from its primary business activities, such as selling goods or providing services. 
It represents the money earned by the company from its customers for the products or services sold.

Cost of Goods Sold (COGS): COGS refers to the direct costs incurred by a company in producing the goods or services sold during a specific period. 
It includes expenses such as raw materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead directly associated with the production process. COGS is subtracted from revenue to calculate gross profit.

Revenue=unit_price×quantity
Gross Profit=total−cogs
Gross Margin %=( Revenue / Gross Profit)×100
 
gross_provit <- data$total - data$cogs


In R, the %U format specifier used with the format() function represents the week number of the year, starting from 0. This means that week 0 is the week that contains January 1st, and the week numbering continues until the end of the year.

Here's a breakdown of what %U means:

%U: Week number of the year (Sunday as the first day of the week), starting from 0.
So when you use %U in the format() function, it extracts the week number from the date according to this convention.

Regarding why it starts from week 00:

Week 00 represents the week that contains January 1st.
This is a common convention in many programming languages and systems to start the week numbering from 0 or 1, depending on the implementation.
If you prefer the week numbering to start from 1 instead of 0, you can use %V instead of %U. %V starts the week numbering from 1 and considers Monday as the first day of the week


Mean Absolute Error (MAE):  1.060904575e-14 
indicates the average absolute difference between the observed values and the predicted values of the target variable in the model. the predictive model is highly accurate and is making predictions that closely match the observed values of the target variable, with very little absolute deviation.



Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE):  1.228854721e-14 
indicates the average difference between the observed values and the predicted values of the target variable in the model. the predictive model is highly accurate and is making predictions that closely match the observed values of the target variable.